The orthographic projection
Body 1: Isometric view
As a rule, objects are represented in 3 views.
These views are called front view, side view and top view.
Front view
Side view
Top view
Front view
The side view from the left is drawn horizontally
besides the front view on the right.
Side view
The top view is drawn vertically the front view
markedly under this one.
Top view
The distances between the three views are
about the same size. They must be tall sufficiently
going to regard the dimensioning.
The dimensionings are inserted now!
The dimensioning is carried out in mm
(at building plans in cm).
Marking symmetry axis
The orthographic projection
As a rule, objects are represented in 3 views.
These views are called front view, side view and top view.
The side view from the left is drawn horizontally
besides the front view on the right.
The top view is drawn vertically under the front view.
Distances between the three views: 10 mm of the axes
The dimensioning is carried out in mm
(at building plans in cm).
The orthographic projection
And now it's your turn!
Making the orthographic projection:
At first think over: Front view, side view see how and
Top view?
Do an outline on a block sheet.
Start with the drawing now:
Fix and draw of the middle cross.
Draw the 45° line.
Draw the right and lower body edge of the
front view with 10 mm of distance to the axes
and then the rest of the front view first.
The orthographic projection